Introduction
	I was born on october 5th 2005 in Vancouver, Canada. For the first 3 years of my life I lived in Yaletown on the 25th floor of an apartment. Then in 2008 my younger brother was born and we moved to a larger house in the dunbar area. In kindergarten i started in Trafalgar elementary school to learn french and was in french immersion up until the end of grade 6 when i decided to switch schools for my grad year to shaughnessy elementary school and after that, Prince of Wales Secondary School.
Experience
	I first started "coding" (if you call scratch coding) when I was 9 in a summer camp called "byte camp" which was when I started getting an interst in it. About 2 years later I started doing lessons on the weekend for C# and Unity at under the GUI academy and took the courses un401 - un502 which are unity courses and am currently in computer science cs702. Here are the coding languages i've taken over the years:
	
	Over the last few years i've been doing my best to learn as much about computer science and programming as I can as I hope to pursue it as a career path. I've done camps, lessons and done courses online and that's why I chose Web Dev 10 because i'm fairly new to HTML.
Capture the flag
	This is one of my favourite games i've been able to work on, it's a game about traveling through different worlds to find "flags". Each world has their own unique twist like a snow biome or a desert wasteland. Although I started it in 2017 I haven't really had a good time to really start getting traction on it but In the future i hope to be able to continue working on it and adding more features to the game. 
Interactive periodic table
	This is the interactive periodic  table app, this was made recently as a final project in my 8th grade science class. The table is a complete periodic table which has complete information for every element. This project took about 2 weeks of work from me and my partner but in the end we managed to get all of it working perfectly (surprisingly).